Wiki - Fix links in advanced_outputs.md (#2633)
iotaledger/goshimmer: documentation/docs/protocol_specification/components/advanced_outputs.md

## GoShimmer Implementation

If you are interested, you can find the GoShimmer implementation of the new output types in
[output.go](https://github.com/lucas-tortora/goshimmer/blob/develop/packages/protocol/engine/ledger/vm/devnetvm/output.go):
 - [AliasOutput](https://github.com/lucas-tortora/goshimmer/blob/develop/packages/protocol/engine/ledger/vm/devnetvm/output.go#L598) and

>  - [ExtendedLockedOutput](https://github.com/lucas-tortora/goshimmer/blob/develop/packages/protocol/engine/ledger/vm/devnetvm/output.go#L1582)

Reviewer: Why do we link to your fork?

Author: Cause I copied the wrong browser tab (facepalm)
```suggestion
If you are interested, you can find the GoShimmer implementation of the new output types in
[output.go](https://github.com/iotaledger/goshimmer/blob/develop/packages/protocol/engine/ledger/vm/devnetvm/output.go):
 - [AliasOutput](https://github.com/iotaledger/goshimmer/blob/develop/packages/protocol/engine/ledger/vm/devnetvm/output.go#L598) and
 - [ExtendedLockedOutput](https://github.com/iotaledger/goshimmer/blob/develop/packages/protocol/engine/ledger/vm/devnetvm/output.go#L1582)
```
